Now, there's another failure
happening in our monitoring.
Sometimes we're seeing
jQuery is not defined.
And so that's your turn.
Simulate the jQuery fails to
load just by commenting out
the script tag in index.html.
And then figure out how to do something
intelligent with that information for
the user.
Record an error that we've
had this failure and
do something intelligent to tell the user,
hey,
we know something broke,
we will deal with it.
Do something to improve the user
experience of jQuery failing to load.
Let's take ten more minutes,
play around with it.
There's notes in the exercise file and
one possible solution at
the bottom of it if you get stuck.